CREATE TABLE head(
name VARCHAR(40) PRIMARY KEY,
rarity SMALLINT NOT NULL,
skill1 VARCHAR(30) NOT NULL,
skill2 VARCHAR(30) NOT NULL,
defense SMALLINT NOT NULL,
slot1 VARCHAR(10),
slot2 VARCHAR(10),
slot3 VARCHAR(10),
firedef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
waterdef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
thunderdef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
icedef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
dragondef SMALLINT NOT NULL);

CREATE TABLE chest(
name VARCHAR(40) PRIMARY KEY,
rarity SMALLINT NOT NULL,
skill1 VARCHAR(30) NOT NULL,
skill2 VARCHAR(30) NOT NULL,
defense SMALLINT NOT NULL,
slot1 VARCHAR(10),
slot2 VARCHAR(10),
slot3 VARCHAR(10),
firedef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
waterdef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
thunderdef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
icedef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
dragondef SMALLINT NOT NULL);

CREATE TABLE arms(
name VARCHAR(40) PRIMARY KEY,
rarity SMALLINT NOT NULL,
skill1 VARCHAR(30) NOT NULL,
skill2 VARCHAR(30) NOT NULL,
defense SMALLINT NOT NULL,
slot1 VARCHAR(10),
slot2 VARCHAR(10),
slot3 VARCHAR(10),
firedef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
waterdef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
thunderdef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
icedef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
dragondef SMALLINT NOT NULL);

CREATE TABLE waist(
name VARCHAR(40) PRIMARY KEY,
rarity SMALLINT NOT NULL,
skill1 VARCHAR(30) NOT NULL,
skill2 VARCHAR(30) NOT NULL,
defense SMALLINT NOT NULL,
slot1 VARCHAR(10),
slot2 VARCHAR(10),
slot3 VARCHAR(10),
firedef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
waterdef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
thunderdef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
icedef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
dragondef SMALLINT NOT NULL);

CREATE TABLE legs(
name VARCHAR(40) PRIMARY KEY,
rarity SMALLINT NOT NULL,
skill1 VARCHAR(30) NOT NULL,
skill2 VARCHAR(30) NOT NULL,
defense SMALLINT NOT NULL,
slot1 VARCHAR(10),
slot2 VARCHAR(10),
slot3 VARCHAR(10),
firedef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
waterdef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
thunderdef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
icedef SMALLINT NOT NULL,
dragondef SMALLINT NOT NULL);
